jungle bb wutface ((((( @trick2g is the rot as back as your hairline? kappa 123 ud ban incoming 4head vaper hahaa kappapride take a shot when someone kills your rot pogchamp hey trick. do you want to build a snowman? no weeed ? @trick2g why you waste ban on uselessness elise? now watch me quit now watch me vape 4head lmfao trkvape i was just kidding trick youre not ugly i love you leo vapes though kappa lmaooooooooooo lmao lol rip vape emote l @trick2g is rammus top op? i mean if i rush zzrot ..would it be op? sellout exactly udyr nerfed stay salty trick elegiggle hyprocrite rofl it can explode in your face trick 2grams trihard trick 2grams trihard trick 2grams trihard jk lol you earn 1 goon buck every 10 minutes here. visit http://bit.ly/1y3qpir to see what you can do with them. do you vape with nicotin? lel trick dabs nonstop nerf is a lie udyr doesnt deserved to be nerfed @trick2g you are beautiful trick but dat hairline doe will chase you for all eternity trklyfe yo we get it..... you vape kappa vape = mouth fedore awww ;-; well have a nice day trick :d!or continue having a nice day :d! vaping saved his life pogchamp lol nerf more like indirect buff oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ohhhhhhhhh so you vape kappa trick you're ugly but i'd still do u in d *** opieop rekt thankyoupreppyboy just subscribed! trk2g trkwhale trk2g thankyoupreppyboy 50 years lol we get it u vape ... 50 $ lmao rip udyr lata 50 big bones bro i love that meme $50 million dollars trkrot called it nope no self control small loan how is trick ugly ;_; @trick2g trick when u doing my *** spec the trump sub sound epic a small loan boyz trkrot trktor yeah, we get it you vap thats what i did man, quit smoking to vaping like 5 months ago vaping saved his life, but not his hair 4head if i didnt smoke weed i would probably be locked up 50 million !uptime #trick2g has been live for: 10h 18m 8s voli voli voli voli voli what about this, kallista top - steraks, frozen mallet, rannan's, zerk boots, bork, ie. trkrot trkrot vape is like fedoras for the mouth play reksai trkrot trkrot rot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot emperorlelouch1 just subscribed! trk2g trkwhale trk2g emperorlelouch1 trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback trkback rip udyr biblethump i tried switching to vape, it was like a cigarette that lasted forever, got such a bad chest xd trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot u threw u pc off ur balcony like me yet trick trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot zz rot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot trkrot 